hello to all and morgane of cayx
paradise
we find ourselves today for a
new tutorial so a new video
but today recipes I will you
learn how to make ganache
White chocolate
go it's gone you will need to
this white chocolate recipe
christol of whole liquid cream and
butter you have come to pay your
liquid cream in a saucepan
you will boil when it's the
case you go breakthrough your cream
whole liquid I specify on your
white chocolate as well as your butter and
you will let melt during a
minute
when that's the case you're coming
whip from the center to
ends to have a beautiful
consistency with the ganache I you
advise to use good chocolate in
pistoles and not white chocolate that
usually found in large numbers
surface can really be a very good
result
then it's important to leave
to rest the white chocolate ganache
for a cool night to have
this consistency a consistent which is
is his property and therefore for you
then allow to make a ganache
mounted with a robot type kitchen m
and so the fact of the climb that we
really helps to have a consistency
very aerial is very light and that's it
I show you how in your pocket with the
little boils my little ganache
white chocolate that is really
excellent and that's it I hope the
little recipe of chocolate ganache
white will have pleased you
if you have questions like
usually do not hesitate to leave a
comment under the video if you have
other suggestions to make me on
other themes do not hesitate also
to but it's a comment if you have
love
do not hesitate to put small thumbs
and do not forget to subscribe
to my youtube channel by clicking on the
tray with chocolate ganache
white very quickly